
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6332, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q2, Fall 2025   (c) DL, UTA, 2025

INFORMATIONAL


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code,
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please show us the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.
     Please demo each part once, initially, if we have more time we will review again, if requested.
     The majority of credit will be for applications deployed on the cloud.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code.
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
    The cloud provider is MS Azure.

 5. Upload all data files (*jpg and *csv, not this quiz) to the cloud service.
  
QUIZ QUESTIONS

Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:


 10. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your name as it appears on your ID card
       as well as your the last 2 digits of your student ID in large font at the top of every web page displayed (for this quiz)
       On the first web page show your own personal picture (or any you choose) above your name and ID number.

 11. Please create a relational database (your choice which) from the .csv data on the cloud provider,
       you may do this manually or in code, it is your choice.

       Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 12. (On a web page) Allow a user to give a mag range values Mlow to Mhigh, and show for all the earthquakes in that
       range the time, latitude, longitude, id, for each quake.
 
 13. (On a web page) Allow a user to give a latitude and Long value pair and a number of degrees N, and a mag range, and
       show for all the earthquakes between that position (Lat, Long) -N and +N degrees, within that mag range, show the
       time, latitude, longitude, id, for each quake.

 14. Allow a user to specify a net value on a form, first count the number of occurrences for that value, then delete all of
       those entries.
       Show how many entries remain.

 15. Allow a user to create a new tuple with all attributes, check to ensure that the id does not already exist
       (if it does give an error message)

 16. Allow a user to enter a net id (if it exists) or a time and modify any of the attributes.

 18. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts 10,12,13, 14, 15, 16

 19. When complete, return (send) this quiz
       If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

