
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6332, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q5, Fall 2025   (c) DL, UTA, 2025


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please show or send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 3. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
    The cloud provider is MS Azure.

 3?. Upload all data files (*jpg and *csv, not this quiz) to the cloud service.



 4. You will need to be able to open several text input boxes in your web application running on the cloud.
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

  Data:

	Amount    Food    Category
	10        Apples     F
	2         Bananas    F
 	40        Cherries   F
	1         Daikon     V
	10        Fig        F
	50        Grapes     F
        5	  Peach	     F
        12	  Celery     V    
        25	  Watermelon F 

 10. Web Page, we will give you an amount range (for example 5 to 20), you will display a pie chart  
     representing the food in that range, where each pie slice should be in a different color, 
     please show the percent labels inside each slice, and the food name on the outside of each slice.
     The pie chart should occupy between 80 and 90% of the screen width. 

 11. Web page, we will give you an amount range (for example 5 to 20), you will display a vertical bar chart  
     representing the food in that range, where each bar should be in the green color, 
     the size of each bar should be (approximately) proportional to the amount, 
     food labels (name) inside, right side of each bar, and the food amount on the outside (left) of each bar.
     Please show the largest bar at the top, and smallest at the bottom.
     The chart should occupy between 70 and 90% of the screen width. 

 12. We will give you up to 10 {X,Y,C} sets. Please display a point chart (scatter chart) where a point is at location X, Y 
     with a color =1 (Green point), =2 (Black point) =3 (Red point) (X and Y may have integer values between 0 and 499.)
     Please label the X and Y axis appropriately (tic marks, or similar)

 13. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts 10,11,12

 15. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

